you
here we have a brand new 2007 VTX 1800
half bottle got the tribal flames on it
this one has the mystery design
independent suspension
it has our custom fenders with a tribal
over exhaust we also got some custom
grips and mirrors it's been lowered so
the seat sets about 25 inches off the
ground it's not the Raptor backrest by
Kari Aachen we've got a custom cut
fender with paint
to match the bike
this has Corvette wheel offset
18 inch rims it also has a tingle
shifter electronic shifter on this one
we custom-make the fenders here
fiberglass fenders and we could do
custom paint this was a template
matching the tribal design the offenders
have a little bit of a contour to them
there's some lines carved in going up
give it a little bit of a 3d look nice
machine
ah